# Project Team Meeting

## Agenda
1. Opening
2. Progress Development & Planning
3. Backlog Items project team
  - Update Backlog Items
  - Other Backlog Items
4. AOB

## 1. Opening
- Additional agenda points
   - No Additional agenda points
- Remarks
   - No opening remarks

## 2.Progress Development & Planning
   - TLN
     - MP: Completion 80%. Last 20% is the integration of webhooks. This part will be developed in the first week of January
     - LMS: Development will start in the first week of January and should be finished in the last week of January
   - Noordhoff
     - LA:
       - Started development last week
       - Identified the services to connect to
       - Determined/chose open source webhooks/events framework to implement
       - Expects to deliver catalogue API (walking skeleton) in the second week of January
   - Iddink
     - Started with design sessions
     - Identified all the changes to implement the API's
     - Development will start 18 January
   - SomToday
     - SIS: 
       - Working on SIS API and expect to deliver the data part in the first half of January
       - In the second phase the webhooks and events functionality will be added
     - LMS:
       - Waiting on the other parties to connect them
   - Thieme
     - LA:
      - Still no confirmation on participation
      - Marchien has spoken to Eric Razenberg. 
        - Thieme is in negotiation with Toegang.Org for the development of the API and connections
        - Eric R. expects confirmation of participation before Christmas
        - Erik D. explains that there is no/litlle development capacity in January
   - Q&A
     - Q: Discussion on Entitlement API
     - A: Can every MP support all business models? This is optional
   - Target: The three provider APIâ€™s (SIS, Entitlement and Catalogue) ready in January -> This the basis

## 4. Backlog Items project team

### Update Backlog Items:
1. Refine scopes SIS API
  - Action holders: Edwin (Kees), Clifton
  - Update:
   - There is a meeting regarding the SIS API in the first week of January
   - This item will be discussed in this meeting or after that
2. Design setup service
  - Action holders: Erik/Luke, Clifton
  - Update:
    - Some discussion has taken place
    - Issue is Updated in Github
    - Some examples will be added
    - Luke will share the 90% proposal for discussion when ready
5. Design Usage API (MP)
  - Action Holders: Danny, Clifton
  - Update:
    - Proposal: Rename it to **Consumption API**
    - Scope: Contains data about activation and usage to the Market Place
      - Discussion if only the Market Place can use this data > We wait for the definitive concept design ;-)
    - Consumption Types: Entrance/Access/Activation, with possibilities for the learning application to add types
    - Danny will deliver a definitive design for approval on the 4th of Janaury
    - **Update Project Team**: 15 January
6. Design Results & Progress API (LMS)
  - Action Holders: Danny, Edwin, Clifton
  - Update:
    - There has been multiple refinements with Infinitas & Iddink.
    - Clifton will take inititiative to plan a last refinement with TLN, Iddink & Infinitas to com e to a defnitive design
      - There is a meeting planned in the first week/half of January
7. Adjust design Entitlement API (and or either regarding school and individual)
  - Action holder: Clifton
  - Update:
    - This change is part of the design Consumption API > Wait on the the design API
8. Adjust design Entitlment API (Add operation: Get all entitlements for a specific individual)
  - Action holder: Danny, Clifton
  - Update:
    - Danny will adjust the design (4 January)
9. Match Catalogue API on ECK 2.3/2.4 (mandatory fields)
  - Action holder: Danny, Edwin, Clifton
  - Update:
    - Danny will do the the mapping between Catalog API and ECK 2.3/2.4 (4 January)
10. Adjust design Catalogue (add stream codes)
  - Action holder: Edwin (Kees), Danny
  - Update:
    - Danny will adjust the design (4 January)


## Other Backlog Items:
3. Applicability OSR
  - Action holders: Marcel, Erik, Edwin
  - Planning: Folluw up meeting during POC
4. Applicability RIO
  - Action holders: Marcel, Erik, Edwin
  - Planning: Folluw up meeting during POC
11. FUNCTIONAL: Determine non happy flows/test scenario's (including returns & cancelations)
  - Action holders: Marcel, Edwin (Jerry), Danny (Hessel), Elias
  - Planning: During development phase
  - Update:
    - Marcel will arrange a meeting in January with stakeholders (Edwin, Jerry, ELias) to discuss and determine test scenario's
12. Check Data Covenant & Attribute Policy
  - Action holder: Marcel, Danny (Marten Bakker), Edwin
  - Planning: After POC phase


## 4. Any Other Business
- No other Business
